#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Amigo Aspiradora
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Amigo%20Aspiradora.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Banda de Garaje
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Banda%20de%20Garaje.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Campamento de Verano
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Campamento%20de%20Verano.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Enfermedad
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Enfermedad.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Envidia
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Envidia.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Fiesta
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Fiesta.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Género
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Genero.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Guerras Cúbicas
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Guerras%20Cubicas.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Horror a la Ducha
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Horror%20a%20la%20Ducha.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", La Simarra
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/La%20Simarra.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Las Reglas de las Citas
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Las%20Reglas%20de%20las%20Citas.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Los Yomsman Contratacan
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Los%20Yomsman%20Contratacan.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Padres
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Padres.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Patrulla de Seguridad
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Patrulla%20de%20Seguridad.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Periódico Escolar
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Periodico%20Escolar.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Política
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Politica.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Popularidad
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Popularidad.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Qué Vergüenza
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Que%20Verguenza.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", ROBOT JONES
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/ROBOT%20JONES.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Reto Matemático
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Reto%20Matematico.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Scantron, Mi Amor
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Scantron%2C%20Mi%20Amor.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Trabajo
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Trabajo.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Vacaciones Familiares
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Vacaciones%20Familiares.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Vello
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Vello.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", Video Musical de La Experiencia de Lavanda Fudge
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/Video%20Musical%20de%20La%20Experiencia%20de%20Lavanda%20Fudge.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/8mxTgb3HB3TlZGEfkmRMsetF1zy.jpg", El Estirón
https://archive.org/download/joneselrobotseriecompleta/el%20Estiron.mp4




